welcome to the man recaps this is the
boys season one welcome to a world with
superheroes all right
but this is not your pg-13 avengers
things get very dark and extremely gory
i'm going to keep this recap advertiser
friendly though so don't worry you're
safe with me meet huey campbell a
mild-mannered electronic salesman he's
got a girlfriend robin and they are very
happy together till one day oh
what it's one of those gory scenes i
can't show as she was run over by a
speedster hero
basically like being hit by a train very
scarring for poor huey he gives a
standard corporate apology and he was
offered a small settlement if he signs
the non-disclosure agreement but huey
doesn't for now and so the next day his
life changes when he meets carl urban as
billy butcher he acts basically like an
r-rated captain jack sparrow he curses
in every single sentence he claims to be
with the fbi on a special task force who
brings supes to justice
yes superheroes are mega celebrities not
just fighting crime but starring in
movies brand deals all that jazz they
get up to all sorts of bad stuff but
it's often just swept under the rug
because money the superhero mega
corporation is vot
they manage hundreds of little heroes
across the country but the big money
makers are the seven
basically the justice league one of the
seven lamplighter has just retired so
the search is on for his replacement
meet annie she's a small town superhero
from iowa goes by starlight because
she's got light beam powers
and she is chosen for the seven so
overnight she's one of the seven most
famous people on the planet on her first
night she meets the deep the aquaman guy
he was her favorite growing up but don't
meet your heroes because he immediately
demands sexual favors from her gives her
the whole hey gotta do what i say or
i'll have you kicked right off the team
which is
freaking awful but come on not all
superheroes can be this bad right not
homelander the superman type truth
justice in the american way
publicly he is a paragon of heroism but
being basically a god has given him zero
regard for human life in fact he enjoys
killing people kind of a psychopath his
handler at bot is madeline stillwell a
pretty high
up executive when the mayor of baltimore
tries to lowball a deal because he knows
some of those dirty secrets homelander
pays a visit to his plane and oh
laser eyes crashes this thing yeah evil
superman is very scary so butcher's got
a plan to bring him down he'll have huey
go in for a personal apology and while
he's signing the nda we'll plant a bug
at the table but he was no master spy he
dropped the bug when he was getting it
out and who's creeping in the bathroom
it's the invisible man type translucent
he follows huey back to work roughs him
up a bit
about to kill him but oh billy butcher
crashing in fighting supes is what he
does
[Music]
except fighting an invisible man is very
difficult but together they managed to
electrocute him and take him down he was
like oh my god translucent tried to kill
us you gotta call this in but butcher
confesses he's not actually with the fbi
and technically
they're criminals so butcher recruits
one of his old friends frenchie who is a
mad genius superhero killer
unfortunately translucent has diamond
skin
he's basically invincible nothing can
penetrate it but finally frenchie
figures it out his skin may be
impermeable but they shove a bomb
up his butt yeah that would probably do
it translucent starts talking tells him
all about eight trained secrets but he
almost escapes and huey has to decide if
he's a killer or not he's about to let
translucent go but then remembers what a
train did to robin and
boom blows him up it's another of those
very gory scenes then butcher goes
through grouped another old friend only
known as mother's milk mm
he's reluctant to join the team he's got
a serious girlfriend now who he's always
on the phone with but he does join and
the boys are back together now the info
that got on a train was about his secret
girlfriend
popclaw she's kind of a d-list superhero
was famous years ago for her sexy movies
hewie manages to hack the cameras in her
apartment so the boys are watching when
a train comes over and they're doing
some drug
compound v it's a super steroid which a
train needs for his big race to prove
he's still the fastest man alive the
boys are infiltrating but when
he sees starlight turns out he knows her
yeah they just had a random meets cute
on a park bench she's very happy to hang
out with a normal guy like huey being in
the seven has continued to disappoint
even the fighting crime and saving
people theoretically the whole point is
basically all staged just for the social
media likes anyway it's the speedster
race which is a little anticlimactic
because they just do one lap but a train
wins cause he's juicing the boys weren't
able to steal his compound b but
popclaw's got some and she's doing it
right now getting all jacked up
just then her landlord comes over to
collect the rent and they've worked out
an arrangement where he gets to live out
his superhero sexual fantasies it's
another scene i can't show any of but
basically because she's jacked up on
compound b she loses control
and accidentally kills this guy but
that's good news for the boys they've
got some serious blackmail on her now
and get her to tell them everything she
knows about compound b they go to the
spot where a train picks it up but
there's something else here a locked up
young woman afraid she decides to let
her go but turns out she was locked up
for good reason she's a soup
and is a feral crazed killer friend she
thinks he can reach her with kindness
though he keeps trying and she keeps
proving to be unreachable he and
mother's milk have a big fight the boys
are about to disband but butcher steps
in with one of the funniest pep talks of
all time
he goes into deep detail about the spice
girls and what their solo careers have
been like since the band broke up moral
of the story being a part where useless
but put us together
now it's a big problem for a train that
popcorn talks it's a complicated
relationship he really loves her but
she's too much of a liability now and oh
he kills her makes it look like an
overdose
so sad for him her security camera
though did catch frenchie so hunting him
down
is one of the seven black noir he's a
very funny minor character because he
never says anything or takes off his
mask but he's in a bunch of hilarious
random scenes he's about to kill
frenchie though but he's saved by oh
the feral girl we have a bit of a
superhero fight where black noir wins it
looks like he's killed her but oh she's
got regeneration powers she's
okay bot's big goal right now is to get
their superheroes into the military get
those sweet military contracts but the
politicians are all against it but a
great opportunity arises when a plane
gets hijacked in international waters if
they can go save it it'll go a long way
for public support so homelander flies
up there don't worry everyone you're
saved but in the cockpit homelander gets
a little trigger happy with his laser
eyes and totally wrecks the controls
oops queen mame is like hey do the
superman thing where you get under the
plane and fly it to safety but he's like
yo that's just not how physics works so
there's nothing they can do they watch
this plane crash which is spilt milk for
homelander but queen maybe at least
starting to have a crisis now annie and
huey start dating he's really falling
for her but on butcher's insistence he
does bug her phone she takes him as her
date to the believe expo which is a big
old jesus fest
as a good christian girl starlight did a
bunch of these growing up especially
pressured by her mother who's a classic
pageant mom but with a refreshing
perspective about how awful a lot of
things in the world are behind the
scenes she realizes that this brand of
christianity is all about homophobia and
hate so when it's her turn to make her
big praise jesus speech she just can't
do it instead has a real talk from the
heart
including calling out the deep for
sexually harassing her on her first day
of work she had a conversation with the
deep earlier where she put him in his
place and somehow he transitioned into a
comic relief character he had a wacky
side adventure where he tried to rescue
a dolphin from ocean world but there was
no seat belt so oh
dolphin out the window then after his
public sexual harassment scandal he's
unofficially demoted from the seven and
sent to sandusky ohio where he tries to
rescue a lobster but also gets it killed
also the reason he never takes his vest
off is because he's got super gross
kills oh
so we leave him in ohio a broken man
who's shaving his head while crying now
back to the believe expo it's led by the
christian superhero ezekiel who's got
stretchy man powers but like most
superheroes and real-life celebrity
preachers he's a huge hypocrite and the
boys are gonna blackmail him huey goes
in for a private baptism but he's never
blackmailed anyone before and at first
it doesn't go so well
but eventually he gets the hang of it
they learn that compound v is being
given to
babies to turn them into supers this
leads to a wonderful fight scene where
butcher uses the laser eye baby as a
weapon
that was diabolical boys find out this
isn't new in fact no superheroes are
born naturally they were all made this
way
homelander's all-american backstory is a
complete fabrication he was raised in a
lab
this explains his weird relationship
with madeleine that is somewhat sexual
but also kind of motherly she's like
who's my good boy it's weird made even
weirder because she's just had a real
life baby and homelander is like super
jealous of it now feral girl is less
feral but she still can't talk so to
find out her story they bring her to
ellie joel osment he's a mind-reading
superhero mesmer who much like real life
was a big child star long story short
they get them to read the girl whose
name is kimiko turns out she was drafted
into a people's liberation army
yeah french your girlfriend's a
terrorist they now understand botseville
plan to create a superpowered terrorist
then the government would have to let
the supes into the military they have
enough evidence now to bring in the feds
yeah butcher does actually have a cia
contact though he was reluctant to use
her they're going to take down vat to
expose the whole conspiracy
but it's too late another supervillain
terrorist has just emerged they need vot
now
the government rushes through the bill
letting homelander into the military
where he can slaughter terrorists as
gruesomely as he wants and sergeant
homelander has saved the day
yeah we assume madeline was the
architect of this compound be
supervillain conspiracy but turns out
she didn't even know about it
it was homelander so with the pot
investigation shut down this leaves the
boys high and dry especially because
mesmer has just blabbed a homelander he
now knows exactly who they are
you give star like the bad news your new
boyfriend's a villain who's been using
you in fact he's the one who killed
translucent and he wants to arrest him
but he was like no i'm sorry i was kind
of using you but i also really do love
you also we're the good guys the real
villains are bought in the other supers
she's not ready to hear this yet but she
confronts her mom and finds out yeah she
wasn't chosen by god she was injected
with sketchy drugs and her whole life's
been a lie the other boys get caught but
huey's got a plan to save him getting
himself captured but smuggling in his
seventh grade retainer so
they break out though it's short-lived
but flash of light yeah who's here to
save
them it's starlight full superhero mode
like you said
i'm a superhero a train shows up and
it's a superhero fight he's real fast
but not faster than light except i guess
he kind of is because he knocks it down
and he's about to kill hughie but oh
he's been juicing too hard having a
heart attack right now he was like yo i
know he wants to kill me but we're the
good guys let's call him an ambulance
billy butcher meanwhile on his own solo
mission turns out his beef is with
homelander personally back when he was
clean-shaven he had a wife named becca
and they were very much in love in fact
she worked for bot she was homelander's
social media manager but eight years ago
she mysteriously disappeared and
according to the evidence he found
homelander raped and killed her but now
homelander investigates two talking to
the old doctor that raised him cause he
didn't kill rebecca what happened to her
turns out she got pregnant with the
homelander baby
didn't survive the birth though and
bought swept it under the rug to protect
homelander but now butchers captured
madeleine to lure homelander out he's
like
you killed the woman i love now i'm
gonna kill the woman you love but
homelander is like yo love is a very
strong word for this mere mortal
especially one who's been lying to me
yeah he asked her about butcher's wife
also but her and the doctor's stories
were slightly off and so the one person
homelander maybe cared about
oh he lasers her in the face but she's
like well guess the jig's up then and
boom blows himself up but he survives
homelander grabbed him and flew him to
safety he's like hey man i want you to
see this you're gonna flip
turns out his son survived oh man a mini
homelander he's been raised by his mom
becca butcher yes the woman you
dedicated your life to avenging
is alive and well and that's how season
one of the boys comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button i'm bringing you the
best recaps of tv and movies so don't
miss out